---
# 这是文章的标题
title: 托福作文3篇
# 这是页面的图标
icon: book
# 设置写作时间
date: 2014-5-28
# 一个页面可以有多个分类
category:
  - Arthur
# 一个页面可以有多个标签
tag:
  - 作文
  - TOEFL
# 此页面会在文章列表置顶
#sticky: true
# 此页面会出现在文章收藏中
star: true
# 你可以自定义页脚
#footer: 这是测试显示的页脚
# 你可以自定义版权信息
#copyright: 无版权
---
:::info 背景
当时大四的时候，有出国读研的想法，就报名了托福培训班，这几片是在培训班的老师布置的作文作业。
:::

## Topic 1

> Topic：It is better to take the most difficult and challenging classes in university or at college even if it means that you probably will not get top grades(marks) in them.

It’s common that more and more harder subjects have been provided by some universities and colleges nowadays. As a matter of fact,these subjects,viewed as the most unwelcome subjects,would have been hatred by classmates. Few students are interest in the subjects that are hard to cope with.In my opinion,the courses,easier and less challenging,are much more acceptable for the students.

The primary reason is that the incomprehensible subjects,difficult to be studied with,are not easy for students to get good grade.In other word,the students, having a poor score of that kind of the subject and attain lower credit,are not difficult to come by a good job. It is not equivalent that students who attain higher scores and better credits from the easier subjects but the students of the other side cannot. It is obvious that classmates,holding better grades and higher GPA,will be more welcomed by the companies that can provide better salary. A survey,issued by the Human Resource management in ChongQing City,claimed that more than 43.2% of incorporates prefer to employ the graduated students that with great credits even if the subjects are seemed to be not correlate with specific and elaborate skills.

Moreover,The difficult and challenging subjects are regarded as the obstacles in building up the confident of students. There is no denying that difficult courses can improve some skills of the students in someways. But the prerequisite is that the students have strong feelings of interest as well as hard working enough. In fact,most of the students will feel uninspired or frustrated even afraid of when they found they can attain little understanding the from those courses. After losing their patience and interest,nothing can spur students to make an effort to learning these inaccessible subjects. Compare with that,the students who learning some easier subjects,primary and intermediate likewise, is much suitable to impetus them to learn and get good grade. A survey issued by the Campus Newspaper of Southwest University,shows that 82% of the top students,including freshman and sophomore,having strong sense of satisfaction of the subjects they learn thanks to having the courses,comprehensible comparatively, make them get more understanding of their major.

In short,learning some difficult and challenging subjects is overburden to students. On the other hand,achieving simple and easy goals is always better than those harder and more challenging ones.

## Topic 2

> topic:a teacher's ability to relate well with his or her students is more important than the ability to give them knowledge.

82.5

Having a good guidance from teachers can lead students to success is a common sense of parents in nowadays.In my opinion, what can a students attain benefit from teachers not only scientific knowledge,but also the strongly psychological aspiring,which is precede over the former.

teachers have higher ability of teaching can make students absorb acknowledge faster and easier at first indeed,but this effective way of impart will plummet after a while due to they are weak in communicating well with their students.Because of lacking better international skills,teachers can hardly know what is the real psychological needs of students,the conflict between teachers and students will end up with a gap of misunderstanding.It may harm of the development of students.To compared with, teachers with lower skills of teaching but good at the way of relate with students will make students comprehend the knowledge slower,but with good communicate,teachers can get to know the difficult points of knowledge and then make out of the better way of solution. By using tenderness and patient way of communicate,students are willing to ask teachers for assist. In this way, students can study happily and effectively.

there is no denying that teachers with better skills of teaching acknowledge is good for students in some way. but what should teachers impart to their students are far not only scientific knowledgement. A teacher with exquisite skill of contact with students can make ethical guidance meaningful and acceptable.This kind of teachers inspire students apart from study area,morality area as well. By Relating well with students,teachers can share the positive concept with students,stay hungry, stay foolish likewise.students can attain much more courage beyond the books and do things correctly.

To summary, teachers good communicate skills are much more important than without those,better relationship between teachers and students,derived from healthy interconnection,result in good development of students and make students succeed.

## Topic 3

> Topic:classmates have more influences on a child' success in school than parents do.

79.5

It's common that a great number of parents are happy when they discover their children have intimate classmates in school,especially those of character as well as learning sucess.As my view,classmates play a pivotal role in child' success even much than parents do.Here are some causes I hold.

The first important reason is that classmates are the closest assistants surrounded children. Moreover,most of boys and girls are apt to regard some of their classmates as friends and to look up to. When children get involved in some trouble,they will seek for help from their classmates naturally.Their classmates,good friends in other word,can give some advice to help them out immediately.For instance,there is one of my cousin,named Jane,her math is poor,but one of her classmates is good at that,she can attain some way of the solution about the difficult math issue easily.By this way,she can get good grades in math and reap success gradually.

The second vital reason is that most of the children are afraid of their parents but not of their classmates due to parents always strict but friends do not . Which means classmates are a preferable choice to confide. When children mess the examination up,they are likely to inform to their classmates at first instead of their parents. They can courage one another,aspire each other rebuild the faith.On the other hand,if a kid has did something wrong,fighting with others,for instance,poured out this thing to his classmate,his classmate as well as friend,will inform him what he did is wrong by using a tender way of communicate.It' also a powerful reason that classmates are good for children success.

To summary,classmates can do many things that parents cannot.Moreover,the way of classmates assist children is more tenderness and acceptabable. That' why I regard classmate have more effect on a kid' success.

## Topic 4

> University students should not be required to attend classes.Instead,they should be able to receive credits through a final test or paper.

Nowadays,the way of teachers to testify their students by using final test or dissertation without attend classes is become more and more popular. But the mainstream views of how to verify the knowledgment of students hold different ideas. The prerequisite of traditional and typical pedagogy require students attend classes on time. I agree with that strongly.

The first important reason is that the knowledge of books are not always easy to understand.In other word,it needs teachers to illustrate in classes. Without the enlightenments of teachers,students are difficult to attain the details about the subjects or the emphasis of the books likewise. Students who only need to take park in a final exam will get involved in the dilemmas that cannot make out of the process of figure out the maths for instance. Compared with that,students who attend classes on time and persist will easier to learn about shortcut to solve the problem comparatively. With the help of teachers,logical and systematical,students can absorb the knowledge step by step,and attain success eventually.

There is no denny that students can take advantage of enhance their divergent thinking when they prepare for a final test seriously. With regulate their time independently,students can learn more about knowledge derive from other resources instead of books,from a library likewise.But we should note that this way of study will cost of a large amount of hours and energy.It is not a proficiency way of learning.On the other hand,not all the students good at self-learning,in other word,they cannot search for the informations that can help them figure out the problems. The last thing but as important as the former one is that sometimes it will incur abuse of freedom. Some students are apt to playing or hang out while the time should be used to study.

In summary,students attend classes can learn about knowledge quicker and better.It can also help students to regulate their study time. By using this way of learning,students can figure out problems proficiency and attain success eventually.
